Add etf flow article (#483)
santiment/academy: src/docs/metrics/etf-flow/index.md

---
title: ETF Flow Metrics
author: Santiment Team
date: 2025-03-28
description: Inflow/Outflow from ETF providers
---

## Description

Metrics that show stats related to the ETF inflow/outflow

- `daily_etf_flow` - Daily ETF Flow per provider in USD

> - `total_etf_flow` - Total ETF Flow since inception per provider in USD

Reviewer: I think we should expand a little bit more on the description. In its current form it requires you to know what inflow/outflow is, what `provider` is (is it just the `slug`?)

Author: the description is extended

yes, provider is slug

---
title: ETF Flow Metrics
author: Santiment Team
date: 2025-03-28
description: Inflow/Outflow from ETF providers
---

## Description

> Those metrics provide insights into the movement of funds within Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs), tracking both inflows and outflows. ETFs issue and redeem shares through out trading hours and report at the end of the trading day.
> Following two metrics help assess investor sentiment, liquidity trends and overall market interest in ETFs from different providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those metrics provide insights into the movement of funds within Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs), tracking both inflows and outflows. ETFs issue and redeem shares throughout trading hours and report at the end of the trading day.
The following two metrics help assess investor sentiment, liquidity trends, and overall market interest in ETFs from different providers.
```
